Implement Gaia Tx Decode (#5023)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

  * `CodeTxInMempoolCache`
  * `CodeMempoolIsFull`
  * `CodeTxTooLarge`

> * [\#3872](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/3872) Implement a RESTful endpoint and CLI command to decode txs via `POST /txs/decode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [\#3872](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/3872) Implement a RESTful endpoint and CLI command to decode transactions.
```

  * `CodeTxInMempoolCache`
  * `CodeMempoolIsFull`
  * `CodeTxTooLarge`

> * [\#3872](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/3872) Implement a RESTful endpoint and cli command to decode transactions.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [\#3872](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/3872) Implement a RESTful endpoint and cli command to decode transactions.
```

> * (cli) [\#3872](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/3872) Implement a RESTful endpoint and cli command to decode txs via `POST /txs/decode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [\#3872](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/3872) Implement a RESTful endpoint and cli command to decode transactions.`
```
